Finding Her Own Path

Kelley Taylor looked at the sobbing man sitting in front of her. "I’m so sorry." She said, "Not every Trill is suitable for joining and It’s not your fault."

The young trill looked at Kelley. "They said you would tell me that." He paused a moment to dry his eyes. "I guess they were right about you."

Kelley raised her eyebrows. "Right about what?"

"That you turn down every person that walks in through your door." The man accused, "You’re second only to Curzon Dax."

Kelley was taken back. "Excuse me?" She said shocked. "Are you suggesting that I am biased against your joining?"

The man nodded, turned and exited the office.

Kelley shook her head and exited the other way towards the lounge. As she entered the lounge, her collueges gathered around. Juzan T’Jor approached Kelley. "Another one bites the dust eh Taylor?"

Taylor looked to Shana. "What?"

Another co-worker nodded. "How many turn downs is that for this month? Six?" He whistled, "And we’re not even a fourth of the way through yet." He raised a hand asking for a high-five.

Kelly didn’t return the gesture, instead she placed her hands on her hips and tried to look as offended as possible; which wasn’t that difficult to do. "You think I fail these people on purpose?" Taking a deep breath, she continued. "How dare you. I take our work seriously, more serious than most people. I don’t always fail people, I’ve been known to pass people now and again."

The man backed off, "Listen, all I’m saying is…"

"The truth." Juzan said finishing the man’s sentence. "Face it, you don’t like helping people out. You despise people that are joined because you aren’t joined. You want people to suffer as much as you do."

Kelley walked over to a nearby couch and sat down. "I can’t believe I’m listening to this. Just leave, all of you get out!"

The three scientists stood firm. None of them budged. They had as much of a right to use the lounge as Kelley did.

"Fine." Kelley said. "I’ll go." She exited the room quickly.

As she walked around the grounds of the medical complex, the only thing that Kelley could think about was her career at the Symbiosis Commission. She had worked very hard to work there. After Kelley had been denied the option for being joined, she signed up and joined the Symbiosis Commission. At the time, Kelley felt that she could help people out. Both those who were selected for joining and those who were denied the opportunity. Mostly because she could relate. Maybe it was time for her to move on. But where would she go?

"Hi Kelley" a female voice said from behind.

Kelley turned around to see a familiar face. "Kim." She noticed that Kim was wearing a Starfleet uniform. "Kim? You’re done?"

Kim Sudor nodded her head. "Yeah, Graduation was today."

Kelley looked confused. "Wait a second, when did you go to Starfleet Academy? What?"

Kim chuckled. "It’s good to see you too Kelley. Mind if I walk with you?"

Kelley nodded, and they started walking around a large lake.

"I heard what happened." Kim said. "I just wanted to say I’m sorry."

Kelley didn’t say a word. She wanted to scream out loud, but knew it wouldn’t remedy the situation. Instead, she just listened.

Kim picked up a rock and tossed it into the lake. It bounced six times before going under. "You’re a great counselor. From what I hear, you’re the best at what you do; and that means a lot."

Kelley nodded, she had heard that before from her family. Hearing it from her longtime friend didn’t make matters better. It didn’t make matters worse either, just the same. "I’ve been thinking of leaving the commission." She said. "But I’m not sure where to go."

Kim nodded. "What are you interested in?"

Kelley shrugged.

"What about Starfleet?" Kim said. "You could be done within four years and on a Starship."

Kelley stopped walking. "Starfleet? Me?" She had never thought of joining Starfleet let alone visiting Earth. "But…"

Kim put up her hands. "You don’t have to go and join up right this second. But if you ever get tired of this place, you could give it a try. That’s all I’m saying." She looked across the lake "Oh, I have to go. My transport leaves for Starbase 47 in a half hour. Don’t want to be late." She reached out and hugged her friend. "It was good to see you again."

Kelley returned the hug. "Yes it was."

As Kim started to walk away, Kelley thought of what her friend had said. Maybe she would check out what Starfleet had to offer. Who knows what adventure it would bring. One thing was for sure, she would get away from the Symbiosis Commission for a while; and if she liked it… her life could turn out to be so much more.
