Sliding To Nowhere
==================

The vortex opened spitting the sliders out of it and into a fire field. As the smoke started to fill their lungs, Quinn looked at the timer.

"We have 2 days on this world!"

The professor shook his head. "Not a good idea Mr. Mallory. The last time we ended on an Earth like this, we had serious troubles!"

Quinn nodded. "Agreed!"

Rembrandt took off a sparkly suit jacket and threw it down. "It's getting warm Q-Ball!"

Wade coughed "Quinn? What do we do?"

Quinn looked to the still open vortex. "We go back!"

Wade, Arturo, and Rembrandt looked to Quinn. Was he nuts? They had never done that before.

Quinn shook his head, "No time to argue!" He pushed them all towards the open vortex sliding back to the previous Earth. After he entered the vortex, it closed after them.

On the other side of the vortex they exited landing on top of each other. The professor on the bottom, followed by Rembrandt, then Quinn, and finally Wade.
  
"Get off of me!" Arturo said. His traveling companions climbed off of him and shook themselves off.
  
Rembrandt reached out a hand for the professor. "Here professor, let me..."

Arturo waved the hand off. "I've got it Mr. Brown!" He stood up.

They took a look around. Everything seemed normal. Well from the last time they were there. The billboard of Wade was standing before them, Soap Opera star and everything. Wade hadn't really missed all of the fame. She thought they had left that behind once and for all.

"How much time are we here for?" Wade asked. "Hope it's no longer than a day."

Quinn looked to the timer. "I'm not sure." He said. "The timer's doing something strange."

Arturo looked over "Let me see that." He grabbed the timer and looked at it confused. "How long has this been counting down in... what language is that?"

Quinn shrugged. "I don't know. I'll have to take apart and have a look. Let's get to the hotel."

At the checkin desk of the hotel the man behind the counter looks at them for a second. "Yes can I help you?"

Quinn smiled. "We checked out earlier today. We're staying a little longer than we had originally thought. Is it possible to check back into the suite we had?"

The employee checks the computer. "Let's see here, suite 1204 if I remember... ah yes. You're in luck, it's available."

Arturo smiled. "Splended, Splended my good man. We'll take it."

"I'm sorry, I can't do that." The man said. "We're still cleaning up damage due to your friend's celebrity status."

Wade gasped. "They didn't."

He nodded. "Oh yes they sure did. Miss Welles, next time you check into a hotel you might want to keep it on the downlow. It's going to take months to correct this mess. So it would be in your best interest if you left. Good day."

The sliders walked out of the hotel.

"Great." Wade said. "Now what?"