Return To Paradise

Six months after the Maquis took Earth, things had seemed to settle down a little, for the Maquis at least. Federation citizens were still being killed for not doing what they were told by their Maquis leaders. Earth was not paradise anymore, no one knew what paradise was.

Orbiting Saturn was the badly damaged I.S.S. Enterprise. The Maquis had come for her and were too powerful. She was going under repairs at the moment, repairs that would be finished in three days.

In the Ready Room, Captain Edward Jellico was sitting at his desk reviewing the repair schedule and the current war with Riker. “Captain, Geordi will have the phaser banks on line by tomorrow.” Riker said.

Jellico nodded “How is the Hull stress doing?”

Riker smiled “Sir, there wasn’t any stress on the hull.”

Jellico was shocked, “But we sustained damage.”

Riker smiled again “If you would have read over the specs on the ship when you came aboard, you would have remembered that the Enterprise has abladive armor double strength all over, that is what was damaged and that should take about two days to fix.”

Jellico leaned back in his char “Thank you for informing me of that commander, now what is the situation on the current war?”

Riker’s smile quickly turned to a frown. “Well, if Captain Picard doesn’t come within two weeks, we will never survive this. You saw yourself what those Raiders did to the enterprise.”

Jellico stood, he was angry. “Yes, I remember. But we need to stop them at any cost, the next time they come.”

Riker didn’t like what he heard. “At any cost captain?”

Jellico looked back to Riker, his face was still, his stare was cold, it looked as if there were no life in him. “At any cost commander, dismissed.” Riker exited the Ready Room, leaving Jellico there looking at his desk.

* * *

On the bridge of the Enterprise-D, Picard was sitting in his command chair. It had taken him a while to convince the Cardassians that he was not their enemy and that there was a treaty between their two peoples. They had been going for so long without anyone that they didn’t know who to trust, but at least he had been able to do it. He stood and walked towards Tom Paris. “What is our ETA?”

Paris checked his console and replied “At our current speed of warp 6.5, we will arrive in Saturn orbit in two weeks.”

Picard nodded. “Increase speed to warp eight.”

Paris keyed in the sequence and the shp increased its speed.

“Lt. Yar, what is our tactical status?” Picard asked.

Yar checked her console, “All systems ready captain.” She had said the word captain rather loosely, she had never liked Picard, he hadn’t done anything for her hatred, but she had heard stories about him and his crew, stories that she didn’t like.

Suddenly, the ship rocked from weapons fire. Picard felt the deck hit him in the face. After recovering slightly, Picard stood up and called for a report.

Yar was the one to answer. “Six Bajoran vessels are firing on us.”

Picard had a look of worry on his face. “On screen.”

The main viewer that once had stars, now displayed Bajoran warships firing on the Enterprise and te Cardassian vessels. They had destroyed the smaller vessels first and then went after the larger ones.

Yar continued her report, “Aft shields are down, forward are at ninety percent.”

Picard turned his head to her. “What about the Cardassian fleet?”

Yar checked her console. “Their smaller vessels are gone, but their main warships are fine…”

She was cut off by what was on her screen, “Captain!”

Yar looked up to the viewscreen, all she could do was stare. Picard turned his head to the screen, the Cardassian ships were setting collision courses for the Bajoran vessels. When all of the ships had been destroyed, Picard called the ship down from red alert.

Picard called for a sensor scan for more vessels, the report had come back negative. He started to breath easier, but it was too soon for that, there was still one thing that had to go wrong, and it was time for it.

* * *

Down in Engineering, bodies were lying everywhere. They were the bodies of the engineering crew temporally assigned there. On the warp core, a timer was counting down. At that moment, it was at five seconds, then it went to four… three… two… one… when it reached zero, all hell broke loose.

* * *

In the president’s office, Sisko was going through messages from Maquis Raiders, he was interrupted when Chakotay walked in holding a PADD.

“Well, Starfleet seems to have a new ship that we hadn’t known everything about,” he handed the PADD to Sisko.

Sisko reviewed the information “Ya, so what.”

Chakotay did not look happy, “Even though we disabled most of it’s systems, which is excellent news, that ship has abladive armor twice the strength of the Defiant!”

Sisko wasn’t really interested “So they have a strong ship, well so do we.”

Chakotay was not amused by Sisko, “You don’t understand do you? If we can get a hold of that ship, then we will be very powerful!”

Sisko looked up “We already have Earth, what more do you want?”

Chakotay sat down and stared into Sisko’s eyes “I want the entire Federation on it’s knees before us.”

Sisko was finally understanding what was going on “I guess it’s time we capture ourselves a ship.”

* * *

On the bridge of the Enterprise-D, alarms were going off all over the place. Picard was listening to Lt. Yar, who was reporting the damage. “The entire Engineering section has been destroyed.” She paused, looking at more information.

Picard broke the silence. “Were any other decks damaged?”

Yar shook her head, “No sir, the forcefields around the deck held.” That was better news, at least they could continue on their mission. “Sir, we are being hailed by the lead Cardassian ship, it’s Gul Evek.”

Picard nodded, he stood from his command chair and said “On screen.”

The main viewer changed to show the face of Gul Evek, he began speaking as soon as the channel opened. “We’ve detected an explosion in your Engineering section. What was the cause?”

Picard looked back “My security chief has just informed me that a bomb was responsible, the good thing is that no other deck was damaged.”

“Do you have warp power available?” Evek continued.

Picard shook his head “No, but we do have impulse engines and maneuvering thrusters.” He paused, an idea had just come. “Setup a warp tow and you’ll tractor us the rest of the way.”

Evek was puzzled, “A what?”

Picard nodded. “I’ll have my first officer beam aboard your ship and she will help you configure your systems.”

Evek agreed and Commander Monroe exited the Enterprise’s bridge.

A few hours later, the fleet was moving again. The warp two was going along smoothly. Finally something was going right, at least on this end of space. The Cardassian Engines along with the tractor beam made the ships go faster, neither side could explain how this happened, but they were glad it helped them. This new process had cut their trip down to one week, then they would take Earth back from the Maquis.

* * *

On the Enterprise-E, it was night watch, Jellico had managed to get all of his senior staff away, on the bridge were junior officers, officers that didn’t know what Starfleets orders had been, he was the king, they were his stupid subjects and he was ready for action. “Set a course for Earth, and engage at full impulse.” His orders were followed to the letter. Jellico then stood up and exited the bridge to the Ready Room.

Commander Riker was sleeping as all this happened. He awoke suddenly when red alert klaxons went off, his first thought was that the Maquis had come again, but it was the other way around, the Enterprise had gone for the Maquis. He stood up, got dressed and headed for the door. It opened up to reveal a security guard who immediately went to attention. “Commander” was all he said.

Riker got a strange look on his face, “Ensign, what are you doing here?”

The ensign didn’t say anything, he just stood there. Riker was getting angry “I asked you a question!”

The ensign still didn’t say anything. Riker was really upset now. He took the ensign’s phaser then his shoulder and slammed his face into the wall, not hard enough to knock him out, but enough to make him think twice before starting anything. Riker put his face right next to the ensign’s. “Now tell me what you are doing here.” Before the ensign could answer, they were knocked down to the floor. “Computer!” Riker yelled to the interface “Report!”

The calm voice of the computer came through all of the noise. “Twenty Maquis Raiders have just attacked the Enterprise.”

Riker continued his questions “What is our current position?”

Again, another calm reply “Earth orbit.”

Riker looked down the hallway, he knew exactly what had happened “That Idiot!” The ensign stated to get up, but Riker stopped him. They both stood up. “I didn’t say you could leave yet.” The ensign was in trouble and he knew it. “I suppose,” Riker continued “that the other senior officers have guards at their doors also?” The ensign nodded. Riker looked back up to the computer interface. “Computer, locate all security guards located at the doors of the senior officers quarters except mine and the captains and beam them to brig cell three, alert the brig guard, command authorization Riker-Omega-Three, then give me a status report.” The computer waited a few seconds then reported “Five security guards in brig”.

Riker then turned the phaser he had taken from the ensign on the ensign himself. “Sir, what are you going to do?” was all the ensign could get out before he was vaporized.

Riker frowned, and then said to himself “I can’t leave any witnesses, but I will not forget your sacrifice, Computer, delete all record of ensign Michael McDuff from records.” He then headed for the nearest turbolift to get to the bridge. He stopped before reaching the end of the corridor, he needed to get the other senior officers, they were all ready freed but didn’t know what was going on.

After Riker got his friends up to date on what was happening, they were on their way to the bridge. In the turbolift, Riker and the other five senior officers were ready. When the turbolift reached deck two, Riker ordered it to halt, they decided to finish their game plan. Riker spoke “Alright, we’ll beam around Jellico and all point our Phasers at him, no one will stop us because we are their commanding officers, they are supposed to trust us.”

Something was troubling Worf, “What if he rigged a site-to-site transport?”

Riker was ahead of him “No need to worry about that, I’ve disabled his command codes, he can’t do anything, alright let’s go.”

Data had one more thing to bring up. “Commander I thought we might be able to use these.” In his hand were six personal cloaking devices that he managed to make by looking at the computer records of the U.S.S. Shadow Horseman, the ship that they ran into so many months ago. Riker nodded and they all put on the armbands and cloaked. They then activated the transporter and dematerialized.

* * *

In the president’s office, Chakotay was smiling, the ship that he wanted was at his front door. After the Maquis had started firing on the Enterprise, he called them off, he knew that Jellico would come after him anyway, no matter what he did. All he had to do now was wait and he would have the Enterprise under his command. Chakotay checked a PADD on his desk, it had a schematic of a mind control device, he had been using it on Sisko and it was working well.

* * *

    Captain’s Log Stardate 50637.1:
    We have been attacked by Maquis forces and…

Jellico never got to finish his log, as soon as Riker’s group had materialized around Jellico on the bridge, they decloaked Phasers ready. “Hold it Jellico!” Riker yelled.

Jellico couldn’t do anything, he was pinned and he knew it. “What is this all about commander?”

Riker took Jellico by the throat and forced him to the command chair. “You have put this crew into danger for no reason! I believe it’s time for you to step down.”

Jellico looked back to Riker and sat down. “No, I don’t believe so commander. I was placed in command of this vessel, you can’t do anything about it.”

Riker stared back. “Watch me.” He looked to Data “Commander, cloak the ship and set a course back to Saturn, full impulse.”

Data nodded and sat down at his station. “Understood sir.”

The Enterprise however couldn’t move because of Maquis Raiders blocking its path. The raiders had been sent by Chakotay, who wanted the Enterprise more than anything.

Jellico smiled, “See, I told you. You can’t do anything.”

Riker smiled back. “Yes, I can Jellico. But I think I’m going to let Picard have a chance at you before I do it…”

* * *

A week passed, Chakotay hadn’t finished his plan for the Enterprise yet, it was still in Earth orbit, motionless. It hadn’t gained any further damage. Sisko was still doing what Chakotay was telling him to do against his will without his knowing it. Shelby and her crew almost caught Chakotay off guard that last week, but they were still too powerful. Her crew were killed and she was sitting in a holding cell.

Picard and the Cardassians had finally made it to Saturn, when he found out what had happened and the Enterprise was at Earth, he immediately made a course change and headed for Earth. It was time that the Maquis was shown a lesson.

On the Enterprise-E, Riker heard the news and was ready for action. He had Jellico placed in the brig a couple of days earlier so he wouldn’t be in the way. The battle had been going well, the Defiant had been put of full alert by Chakotay, Sisko was in charge over what was going on Earth.

The Maquis raiders were still going strong, the Cardassians decided to set more collision courses until all of the Maquis Raiders were destroyed. Unfortunately, all of the Cardassian vessels were destroyed as well. Leaving the two Enterprises’s and the Defiant.

On the Defiant, Chakotay was sitting in the command chair. “Open a hailing frequency to the Enterprise.” The communications officer was confused. “Which one?” Chakotay stared back at him. “The Enterprise-D, you idiot.”

The channel opened and Captain Picard’s face came on the screen. “Listen Chakotay, your forces are destroyed, are you and Sisko going to surrender or not?”

Chakotay looked back to Picard. “Of course we’re not going to surrender captain, you are going to have to destroy me before I surrender to you. Besides, Sisko isn’t doing this by his own free will.”

Picard was interested by this information. “What?”

Chakotay just stared at him. “You don’t think he would do this all by himself do you? I had to help him, and since I’m going to rule the Federation after I eliminate you and your crew, I’ll kill him as well. Just come and take your best shot captain!” With that, the comm channel closed.

On the bridge of the Enterprise-D, Picard ordered Yar to open a frequency to Jellico. Riker of course came on the screen and reported what had happened. Picard was not happy about this, but he didn’t have time to think about it. “Number one, take an away team down and find Sisko , Chakotay is getting to relaxed thinking he’s going to win this fight. He’s controlling Sisko, find out how and stop it then try to get Sisko to lower the Defiant’s shields with his command codes.” Riker nodded and said “Aye sir. Riker out.” The comm channel again went dead. It was time for battle, a battle that Picard knew he would come out victorious.

* * *

On Earth, Riker and his team had made it to Sisko, after killing over forty Maquis renegades, but they had made it. Data walked up to Sisko. Sisko immediately reached for his phaser. “Don’t come any closer commander.” Data stopped in his tracks, he decided to try and reason with Sisko. “Captain, you are not under control of your mind, Chakotay is controlling you.”

Sisko shook his head. “No he’s not. Now shut up, or I’ll fire!” As he said that, a phaser beam from the open window took him down. Data and Riker were both shocked to see commander Shelby coming in through the window with a phaser. “Don’t worry, it was set to stun, he’s unconscious.”

Data walked over to Sisko and deactivated the mind control mechanism after searching Sisko’s head with a tricorder. He then woke him up with a hypospray. “What? Where am I?”

Riker walked to Sisko, “I’m Commander Riker from the Enterprise, we don’t have time to explain what happened, we need you to disable the Defiant’s shields.”

Sisko didn’t know what was happening. “Commander, before I do anything, you are going to have to explain to me what is going on.”

* * *

Back on the Enterprise-D, Picard was not happy about how things were going, the Defiant was too powerful for him. He had called the other Enterprise for assistance, but it wasn’t of much help. Mostly because the abladive armor hadn’t been fixed yet, so the ship was just getting more and more damaged. Chakotay had done something to the Defiant’s weapons so it would automatically disable the Enterprise-E’s shields, they were down and the Enterprise was just a sitting duck, waiting for execution, which Chakotay was ready to give her.

* * *

After Riker explained the situation, Sisko agreed to help. He managed to disable the Defiant’s shields and beam aboard. He was on his way to the bridge now, and he hoped that things would work out well. He opened the door and saw Chakotay. Chakotay turned around, the ship rocked by weapons fire from the Enterprise. “What, how did you get here?”

Sisko smiled. “That isn’t important Chakotay. You are under arrest.” Chakotay laughed at him. “Under arrest! Are you joking? You’ve gone mad!”

Sisko took out his phaser and pointed it at Chakotay. “I said you are under arrest, now come with me and this won’t become messy.”

Chakotay jumped up trying to catch Sisko by surprise and met the discharge from his weapon, he was killed instantly. Sisko then contacted the Enterprise-D “Captain Picard, please send over a security team, Sisko out.” All of the other Maquis on the Defiant were ready to fight back, but Sisko promised them that if they didn’t, he would help them out in their court cases and hopefully lessen their sentences, they agreed.

* * *

    Captain’s Log Stardate 50998.3:
    The incursion with the Maquis is over, finally. I have my crew back and everything is returning back to normal. Captain Sisko along with Commander Dax and Dr. Bashir have returned to DS9 to continue to help the Cardassians to become Federation citizens. Their sacrifices in this recent battle have put them one step closer to membership. It will take a while to get Earth back to what it was before the Maquis came, it will not be easy for the people, but it will happen. I am on my way to claim the Enterprise-E as my command, and put the past Enterprise to rest finally as Starfleet has ordered in full honor. I was not pleased with what had happened with Captain Edward Jellico, who must be punished, I will never leave any ship that should be rightfully mine under the care of another man, it will always come with me on any journey that Starfleet sends me. End Log.

Captain Jean-Luc Picard stepped onto the Bridge of the Enterprise-E, the first thing he saw was Edward Jellico. Commander Riker had given Jellico the right to hand Picard back his vessel, which was the proper procedure. Jellico stared at Picard knowing what would probably become of him. “Computer” Jellico said. “Transfer command of I.S.S. Enterprise over to Captain Jean-Luc Picard, authorization Jellico-Alpha-Three-One.” The computer beeped then said. “I.S.S. Enterprise now under command of Captain Jean-Luc Picard.” Jellico then shook Picard’s hand, Picard said “I relieve you sir.” Jellico smiled back, “I stand relieved”. Picard then took out a phaser and shot Jellico, killing him painfully until his body fell to the floor. “All hands, this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard. I am happy to report that the war is over, I am back in command, I am grateful for your courage these past few months, I promise you that I will never leave you alone ever again, Picard out.”

Riker looked to Picard. “You have one thing to do Captain.”

Picard looked back, “Oh, you’re right number one. Attention on deck!” At Picard’s command, everyone on the bridge went to attention. Even Lt. Yar, who had come on board because Picard had ordered but, she now had trust for him, being in battle with him. She had found the trust that she never knew was there. “Picard looked over to the tactical station where Worf was standing. “Commander, fire photon torpedoes at the Enterprise-D, and put her to rest.”

Worf did as he was ordered. “Aye sir.”

Outside, the torpedoes hit the Enterprise-D, making it explode with a light that was painful to look at, but at last, that vessel had found its rest, and Picard was happy for her. “Dismissed.” At Picard’s command, everyone went back to what they were doing. Finally things were going to get back to normal, and Picard was glad that it was. The Enterprise-E orbited around Earth awaiting its next mission.

The End
